Cdk pipeline modern api typescript (#295)
aws-samples/aws-cdk-intro-workshop: workshop/content/20-typescript/70-advanced-topics/200-pipelines/4000-build-stage.md

            repositoryName: "WorkshopRepo"
        });

       // The basic pipeline declaration. This sets the initial structure
        // of our pipeline
       const pipeline = new CodePipeline(this, 'Pipeline', {
            pipelineName: 'WorkshopPipeline',
            synth: new CodeBuildStep('SynthStep', {
                    input: CodePipelineSource.codeCommit(repo, 'master'),
                    installCommands: [
                        'npm install -g aws-cdk'
                    ],
                    commands: [
                        'npm ci',
                        'npm run build',
                        'npx cdk synth'
                    ]
                }
            )
        });

        const deploy = new WorkshopPipelineStage(this, 'Deploy');
        const deployStage = pipeline.addStage(deploy);
    }
}
{{</highlight>}}

This imports and creates an instance of the `WorkshopPipelineStage`. Later, you might instantiate this stage multiple times (e.g. you want a Production deployment and a separate devlopment/test deployment).

> Then we add that stage to our pipeline (`pipeline.addStage(deploy);`). An `ApplicationStage` in a CodePipeline represents any CDK deployment action.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then we add that stage to our pipeline (`pipeline.addStage(deploy);`). A Stage in a CDK Pipeline represents a set of one or more CDK Stacks that should be deployed together, to a particular environment.
```
